Release notes 0.10 (#923)
rilldata/rill-developer: docs/blog/0.10.md

---
date: 2022-09-15
image: https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5587788/190299248-7bc2e6f2-2aee-4415-aa38-dda784f75f6f.png

---

# Rill 0.10 – Expanded leaderboard metrics and nightly binaries

:::note
⚡ Rill Developer is a tool that makes it effortless to transform your datasets with SQL and create powerful, opinionated dashboards. These are our release notes for our `0.10` release, still in Tech Preview.

> To [try out Rill Developer, check out these instructions](/#pick-an-install-option) and [let us know over on Discord](https://bit.ly/3bbcSl9) if you encounter any problems or have ideas about how to improve Rill Developer!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To [try out Rill Developer, check out these instructions](/#pick-an-install-option) and [let us know over on Discord](https://rilldata.link/cli) if you encounter any problems or have ideas about how to improve Rill Developer!
```
@magorlick we have a new shortened link

Author: This is not a user-facing link and we are going to keep the current version to help us understand CTR for different community engagement touch points
